# PyBer Analysis
## Purpose
The purpose of the assignment was to analyze a rideshare app's (PyBer) performance based on city type; Urban, Suburban, and Rural. This specifican analysis looked at fares($) by week and city type.
## Analysis.

### Challenges and Difficulties Encountered
I had no challenges with creating the line chart for analysis based on launch date. However possible issues could be using the incorrect range of data in the source for the pivot table therefore not capturing the full data set, incorrectly converting the dates and therefore making "month" not an an available x axis, or instead doing a "count of outcomes" as your value in the pivot table doing a "sum" or "average".
I had no issues creating the analysis for outcomes based on goals. An issue could have been if the countif function for bucket 1000 to 4999 was counting "greater than or equal to 1000" and "less than or equal to 4999", and bucket 5000 to 9999 was counting greater than or equal to 5000" and "less than or equal to 9999" you would have an issue if a goal was 4,999.50 as it would not get counted in either bucket.
## Results
Looking at the graph for theatre outcomes based on launch date we can conclude that May has the highest success rate and December has the lowest success rate. From the analysis for outcomes based on goal it appears that lower goals have a higher success rate compared to higher goals. There are several limitations for the data set. Most importantly we are unaware of how these campaigns were run, who marketed them how they were marketed etc. We also are unaware if public interest in different types of plays could be causing a success or failure. The data set does not include things like, play location, casting etc all that may lead to if doners are more interested in making a pledge. Using the data we have, I would do a few different analysis. For the line chart showing outcomes based on goal, I would have chosen a stacked bar chart, as the two lines represent a % of the same number. Therefore, a single bar with each percent would better visualize that they are representing the % of one number. Since we have end data, we should also be looking at success rate based on how long the campaign was run as an analysis. Another analysis is to look at success rates by country. It would also be interesting to do the same analysis but for different categories to see if timing, goal effect different categories the same way.

